Copyright (C) 2000 - 2007  Bruce Badger (bbadger@openskills.com)

This is version 1.3-057 of the PostgreSQL Library for VisualWorks Smalltalk.

This file is intended to be viewed from a VisualWorks text editor.  Tabbing may look wierd otherwise.

The library is made up of following:


	PostgreSQLDriver -				The dialect independent driver layer.

	PostgreSQLLogging -			Support for logging (tracing) message traffic between
									the driver running in a client and the PostgreSQL 
									backend.

	PostgreSQLEXDI - 				Mapping from the VisualWorks EXDI layer to the
									driver layer.

	StoreForPostgreSQL - 			Enables the use of the Store SCM with PostgreSQL
									using the EXDI & driver layers.

	PostgreSQLMonitor -				A crude but sometimes useful tool for listing the
									currently active connections to PostgreSQL
									databases and a window for monitoring the traffic
									flowing over a selected connection.

The library depends upon the following:
	Sport -							A mapping library containing wrappers for
									base code which has different implementation
									in different Smalltalk dialects.

	OSkStreams -					Stream utilities.

	OSkLogger -					A logging library which can log from multiple
									sources to multiple sincs.

	OSkSocketServices -			Stream classes for use with TCP/IP sockets

	Base64Encoding - 				An implementation of the Base64 MIME encoding
									used to manipulate BLOB type data.


To get started, load the parcels and look at the class side test methods of:
	PostgreSQLTest in the parcel PostgreSQLDriver
	PostgreSQLEXDITest in the parcel PostgreSQLEXDI
	PostgreSQLLoggingTesting in the logging parcel

Have a look at the parcel comments for each parcel.

Visit http://wiki.cs.uiuc.edu/VisualWorks/PostgreSQL+Libraries for documentation (including how to obtain and install PostgreSQL itself) and recent news.

NOTE: The PostgreSQL monitor parcel contains an experimental UI for monitoring PostgreSQL connections.  Use with care, and comment freely :-)